millions of people around the world go
out on the streets and rooftops
to look at the amazing cosmic phenomenon
another planet right next to the moon a
big red one
at first everyone's excited mars showing
up out of nowhere
is having a strange effect on humanity
just as the moon can affect the
psychological and physical state of some
people
mars's unexpected visit is causing
people to behave
pretty strangely every night the sky is
lit up by the white light of the moon
and the red glow of mars many people get
a sort of instant insomniac
some even stop drinking coffee because
they no longer feel sleepy
mars brings out energy and a little
wildness in people
making them laugh more and even drives a
few poor people crazy
they begin to go out of their houses
more often and enjoy the unusual night
sky
a few days later everybody can see
what's happening
mars is getting bigger scientists
announced that the red planet is slowly
moving towards earth
a collision is inevitable earthlings
only have a few years left
a few months ago a huge asteroid crashed
into the red planet
with such force that mars simply flew
out of its own orbit
and went rogue the chance that mars
would fly close to earth was always
going to be pretty high
after about three seconds of being
announced the news went viral
and panic set in the situation's getting
worse and worse
the closer mars gets the more it affects
people on a physical level
hundreds of videos pop up showing
collision simulations of mars and earth
and there's no happy ending wanna see
what happens
one famous blogger asks her followers
the earth's almost completely covered
with water
and mars is all dust sand and rocks
then she puts a huge watermelon in the
middle of her room
from the far end she launches a bowling
ball at it
stripe mars looks almost the same size
as the moon now
it's about to come into the moon's orbit
and it's affecting the earth's magnetic
field
floods hurricanes tsunamis powerful
thunderstorms
they go from bad to worse animals go
crazy
birds no longer migrate south the polar
northern lights
appear in the caribbean the economy
isn't handling the news that well
people stop showing up to work why
wouldn't they
they just want to have fun and be with
loved ones there are enough resources on
the planet to last
until the catastrophe so no one's even
trying to fix the earth's problems
clothing food cars yachts whatever
everything loses its value and becomes
free
every day huge street parties pop up all
over the world
people decide to live their last months
in peace and harmony
the global catastrophes uniting humanity
like never before
to go out with a bang earthlings team up
to organize a huge rock concert
the red giant destroying our beautiful
blue planet
yeah rock and roll is the perfect
soundtrack
there's just enough time to eat dance
party
and listen to good music huge stages are
built all over the planet
it's every musician's last concert
during all that preparation
hope suddenly appears scientists have
calculated
all the events that'll occur when mars
crashes into earth
and they have a simple plan luckily
humans had already planned on moving to
mars
so they already have been building
spaceships for years
there's no time to get to another planet
before the collision
but the good news is that people can
wait out the disaster
just outside earth's orbit you get to
sit in a space station
munch some popcorn relax and enjoy the
show
when the dust settles it might just be
possible to return to earth
or what's left of it after learning
about this plant
people start working on finishing the
ships night and day
everyone in the world pitches in there
are still two years
left before the big day the huge concert
stages are converted into more space
stations
mars is now giving people more energy
and with epic teamwork
people managed to create thousands of
stations in just a few months
that's what happens when seven billion
people work together
farmers physical therapists chefs
engineers
athletes accountants all on the same
team
mars is now closer to us than the moon
the red giant blocks out the sun
and our planet is plunged into darkness
there are only a few days left
people are working like ants in a
massive colony putting the finishing
touches on several hundred thousand
space stations
it takes four whole days for everyone to
get on board
plus there's the loading of supplies
animals fish
seeds plants vegetables fruits video
games
fruit roll-ups the red giant is
scheduled to enter
earth's orbit in a couple of days that's
when it will really pick up speed
mars is only a little more than half the
size of earth
but up in the sky it looks infinitely
huge
the ships start taking off
people take a last look around
memorizing every inch
in a few hours it'll all change forever
the stations fly up far enough away to
clear any orbits
two worlds colliding together should
still have a soundtrack though
rock stars on every ship organize an
outer space music festival
to the awesome sound of rock mars enters
earth's atmosphere
and burns a thin layer of its own
surface
this releases an incredible amount of
energy it gets faster and faster
and smashes into the pacific ocean a
huge blast wave sweeps across the entire
planet
everything is lit up by flames and
everyone on the ships has to put on
sunglasses
to avoid being blinded our blue planet
is turning into a fiery one
the dust of mars mixes with the water of
earth
the force of the impact goes through the
earth's crust
into the liquid hot magma hundreds of
pieces of mars
some the size of entire countries are
somehow floating in the atmosphere
the collision generates so much energy
that all oceans
boil and evaporate seas and rivers of
molten metal are now spreading all over
earth
days weeks months pass a belt made up of
bits of mars
forms around the earth it's like a fiery
version of saturn
it'll take a long time before it's safe
to land back down
but humanity can't stay alive on the
ships all that time
food water and oxygen will run out after
a few years
but scientists already have a plan the
ships flip a switch
and become huge cryo chambers the ships
are equipped with
energy panels and the roasting hot
earths giving off a lot of energy
totally enough to keep the ships working
while everyone on board
takes a few thousand year nap as soon as
the planet cools down
humans will wake up hundreds of
thousands of years pass
one day alarms go off simultaneously on
all the ships
people wake up slowly their bodies are
exhausted
but after a few billion cups of coffee
everyone's ready to go
down on earth new continents should have
formed and the atmosphere is most likely
way different
the planet might have lost its original
orbit so it might be spinning at a
different angle
the seasons as we know them gone all the
water on earth
evaporated in the first few hours but
there were huge glaciers on mars
which might have melted on impact mars
may have shared its water with our
planet
the clouds of dust and dirt should have
settled by now
and the ground should be pretty good for
growing stuff on
all that magma probably spewed up a
bunch of useful minerals and chemicals
it's going to be difficult but humanity
somehow must adapt to the new earth
people are ready for anything all the
earthlings run to the nearest windows
to see what their beloved planet looks
like after all these centuries
um where is it people are craning their
necks
looking out at the empty spot where the
earth used to be
the impact of mars was so strong that it
pushed the earth out of its orbit around
the sun
it's gone great what are we gonna do now
some bearded guy grabs a guitar and says
let's play